c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.exe.config
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.exe
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.pdb
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.xml
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1___Cristopher_Ramirez.Form1.resources
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1___Cristopher_Ramirez.Form2.resources
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1___Cristopher_Ramirez.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.exe
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.xml
c:\users\pc24lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.exe.config
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.exe
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.xml
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.exe
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.pdb
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\bin\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.xml
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1___Cristopher_Ramirez.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1___Cristopher_Ramirez.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1___Cristopher_Ramirez.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Dell\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez\obj\Debug\GA1 - Cristopher Ramirez.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
